# PodText AI

PodText AI is a full-stack web application that enables users to create and publish podcasts using AI voice generation and text-to-speech technology. This project integrates OpenAI's DALL-E to generate podcast thumbnails, enhancing the visual appeal of user content.

## Table of Contents

- [About](#about)
- [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
- [Features](#features)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contact](#contact)

## About

PodText AI leverages cutting-edge AI technologies to simplify podcast creation and publication. Users can easily generate podcast content using text-to-speech capabilities and enhance their episodes with AI-generated thumbnails. This project showcases the potential of AI in the creative industry, providing a seamless experience for podcast creators.

## Technologies Used

- **Frontend:**
  - Next.js
  - React
  - TypeScript
  - TailwindCSS

- **Backend:**
  - Convex
  - Clerk

- **AI Integration:**
  - OpenAI (DALL-E for thumbnails, AI voice generation, AI chat complettion for generating text)

## Features

- **AI Voice Generation:** Create podcast episodes using text-to-speech technology.
- **AI-Generated Thumbnails:** Enhance visual appeal with thumbnails generated by OpenAI's DALL-E.
- **User Authentication:** Secure and seamless user authentication using Clerk.
- **Responsive Design:** User-friendly on all devices.
- **Easy Publishing:** Simplified process for creating and publishing podcasts.

## Installation

To run this project locally, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   https://github.com/HassanChowdhry/PodText-AI.git
   ```

2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```bash
   cd podtext-ai
   ```

3. Install the dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

4. Start the development server:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

## Usage

After starting the development server, you can access the application by navigating to `http://localhost:3000` in your web browser. Sign up or log in to start creating and publishing podcasts.

## Contact

Feel free to reach out to me for any professional inquiries or questions:

- **Email:** [hassan.chowdhry@dal.ca](mailto:hassan.chowdhry@dal.ca)
- **LinkedIn:** [Hassan Chowdhry](https://linkedin.com/in/hassanchowdhry)
- **Website:** [HassanChowdhry.live](http://hassanchowdhry.live)

---

Thank you for exploring PodText AI!
